In this video you are going to learn how to set up a Facebook page.
It's going to take less than five minutes.
It's absolutely free to do and it's very straightforward.
So the first thing that you want to do is go ahead and go to Facebook dot com on what you do here is
really just log in with your normal personal profile.
It's actually inside of our personal profile that we create a Facebook page for a business or brand.
If you don't have a Facebook personal profile Well then you can just go ahead and set one up here and
then log in.
So just log in normally to Facebook once you've got that set up.
Now what we actually do is come up to the top right hand corner here click on the dropdown and here
we're going to see the opportunity to create a page.
And now pops up the six different options that we have.
So when we're creating a page we want to really select one of these six options.
You see local business or place company organization or institution brand or product artists band or
public figure entertainment cause or community.
And there actually isn't a huge amount of difference between all of these choices so you don't need
to worry about this too much.
But if you are a local business for example you'll have the opportunity to put in a local address phone
number.
You can even enable reviews.
And so each page has a couple of different settings.
But really it doesn't make a huge difference what option you choose for a business.
I'm going to pick this here this option for a company or organization.
Now I can choose my category.
So I'm just going to set this as education set in the company name.
I can do just put in my company name there for this video I'm just going to set up a demo account so
click gets started
and then I'm brought straight into my Facebook page.
Once inside the next step is then to click on Create page username and typically you're just going to
put your business name where the page name as the user name.
And one important thing to understand about this is that your user name will actually form part of the
custom you IRL that you have on Facebook.
So it's going to be Facebook dot com forward slash your username rather than your page name.
And that's why you want to make it as close to your page name as possible and you want to keep it pretty
short if you can so that it's easy to say in a conversation to maybe a customer or you can find us on
Facebook account for it slash whatever it is.
So to make this clear let me give you an example.
There's kind of type in my business name and this example to set up a demo.
And as you can see this may happen for you as well this season isn't available.
Please enter your username that isn't already taken.
No easy work around.
This is just to put an official at the end and not is available in an I can go ahead and create this
username
and there we go.
It's really that simple to set up a page for a business or brand on Facebook.
And once again to do for yourself log into your Facebook personal private profile.
Come then in the top right hand corner and click Create page.